So, I'm really interested to hear,
some of the questions that you
all have about your users.
So let's have one.
Somebody shoot one over to me.
Somebody.
>> What sections of the site do
you use most on a daily basis?
>> Great, what sections of the site
do you use most on a daily basis?
Okay, great.
Do you have users that
are coming to your site daily?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Merchants.
Okay.
Great.
Good, do you have assumptions about that?
>> Yes.
>> And do you have, and
why do you care about that?
>> Cuz we wanna optimize and improve
the performance of the tools of the site.
>> Great.
And, do you have information about this?
>> We have, we do have some metrics.
>> So you're using behavioral metrics?
Great, okay.
Do you have any access to your users,
your end users or
do you have a user research team?
>> I've a product owner who
does most of that stuff.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Good.
Okay, great.
So you do have some first hand
knowledge of what they're looking for?
Great.
All right, who else,
who else has a question?
>> So I actually got stuck on the,
we know, because we don't know.
>> That's okay.
>> And so you get to that point and
it's like, okay.
And in my example, I have a portfolio
site and I'm in a job search right now.
And so it's just me, it's my little sight.
>> Yeah.
>> And I hooked up Google Analytics but
I haven't I done anything besides
checking on that here and
there
>> Sure.
>> And so I think it's just,
There's so many question marks.
>> That's all I have as questions.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Good, good.
That's great.
What that says to me is that you have
a real opportunity for some user research.
And I think a really great easy way to
get at that user research would be to
identify some friends or
some past colleagues,
who have done any kind of hiring
anywhere close to your field.
And just ask them what do you look for,
what's most important to you, or
ask them to look at your site and
give you their honest opinion, and
not just from does it look okay?
But does it give you the information and
quickly that you would need,
as a potential employer,
to get in touch with me or
to make a decision about whether or
not to interview me, right.
So, in that instance, you don't need
to get in touch with very specific
potential employers, but,
even just like reaching out and
getting feedback from folks who've had
that experience can be enormously helpful.
And we have huge blind spots
when it comes to our own thing.
I mean, you guys know the typical example
of the restaurant that doesn't have
the phone number or
the hours on the homepage.
Like, why do you go to a restaurant?
You guy to see what time or
the location to see where they're located,
and it's buried in the footer or
something.
That becomes a blind spot for
the restaurant,
cuz they think, we need to feature our
food and we need to feature our menu.
Well if I can't call you, or
make reservations, or get there,
then it's a problem.
Okay, so that's exciting.
That to me says you don't have you
do have a lot of question marks and
that's an opportunity to
do some user research.
One more,
one more question we had about our users.
>> In our case,
what type of person are you?
Are you a manager?
Are you somebody looking
to get into the profession?
Are you looking to learn
a specific skill set?
So, I wouldn't know exactly how to frame
those questions coming onto the site,
but I definitely have a question of,
are you a designer looking to code?
Do you have an existing profession that
you're trying to transition to coding?
You know, there's all these different kind
of personas and kind of clarifying that.
>> Sure.
>> So
we kind of do that with
our learning paths.
We try to split it into
different pockets of potential,
beginner versus intermediate
[INAUDIBLE] whatever [INAUDIBLE].
>> Yep.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> How many visitors do you have on your
site daily?
>> Well,
I just did some cursory analytics,
I think it's 150,000
unique visitors a month.
>> A month?
Okay, so that's too many to have an open
ended survey about who people are, for
that to be at all meaningful.
I mean, you could do some keyword analysis
but in that instance, it seems to me that
you do have an opportunity for
some closed ended research.
Even if it is just a I am a blank, who
wants to blank, so I can blank, right so,
I am a designer, coder,
writer, manager, freelancer.
Where they can pick one or more,
who's interested in learning to code,
learning to design, bettering my career,
so they can pick multiples, so
that I can find a new job,
get a promotion, go out on my own.
So, that's a one way that you could help
fill in your blanks for your personas.
That exercise of I am a blank,
who wants to blank, so that I can blank,
is very,
very common among UX design communities,
that they'll use to start narrowing
down and prioritizing personas.
So, but that's a good question,
who's coming to my site and why?
That's pretty fundamental.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yup.
>> Well, you know what?
You may not care about
the other audiences.
You may not care about the people who
aren't the right audience for you, and
that's perfectly reasonable.
You know, because that's I think we've
done a bunch of workshops where people
are like, We have like for nonprofit.
We have members, we have potential donors.
We have mega donors and
we have potential employees.
Then there's also the media and
there's people that just, you know,
accidentally click through a link and
their students and their I mean,
they named like, 40 audiences.
We had to say you get four to prioritize.
Because, if you try to prioritize and
serve all 40 audiences, your site's
going to end up being just a mishmash of
irrelevant stuff that ends up being for
nobody.
>> That makes sense cuz in our case,
our core audience is essentially
people who are already professionals
who want to further and
have ongoing advancement in their career.
So, they want to pick up a specific skill,
like CSS grids or
whatever to apply to their job.
So, it's very specific skill
oriented to get a specific result.
And so that's kind of who we focus on, we
kind of assume you already have a job, and
you want the latest, particular
skill to apply to your job today.
And so
that's kind of where our whole site and
everything we kind of
focus on that persona.
But, there are other personas like
a manager looking to sign up their team.
There are people who are looking
to get into the profession
that we should probably have
catered to them but it's.
>> Or not, I mean we have someone who's
transitioning right now, here in class,
and your offer continuing education,
right?
And that can be to
somebody who has a job or
who is looking to grow into a different
job, you know, and is in between.
So, yeah,
that might be an interesting exercise for
you guys to go through to figure out
who you prioritize and who you let go.
You know.
>> Can you go down,
too far down the rabbit hole in
terms of trying to define personas.
With what you're describing It
almost feels like you know,
what if I don't fit into any of those
buckets, but I just want to learn more,
you know, I'm just curious or whatever
just and you don't have that bucket,
it just feels like you can almost
go too far the other direction.
>> Yes, you can.
You can go down the rabbit hole for sure.
And that is where the we care because,
like if you can't come up with a better
reason than just we might miss out on
this people or we want to serve everyone,
then probably that persona is a persona
that you don't need to care about.
>> I mean the thing just
even further back, I mean,
as opposed to you're
offering education for
job seekers, as opposed to, we offer
education for whoever's interested.
It's one thing I guess for something like
this when you're trying to define your
material that would make sense.
But otherwise, I guess,
if it's actually the site,
I would think you'd want to make it,
anyone wants it, here's our stuff.
>> Well but
I often say that if you make your site for
anyone it often ends up being for no one.
Do you know what I mean?
>> And I get that, I guess when
you're building and designing it,
I mean more just don't turn people
off in a way, that kind of thing.
>> Sure.
>> So, in other words, if I landed on your
site and this is a great site for people
to excel in their jobs, I'm unemployed,
I might, so I just wonder because
in a way that's not actually what-
>> That comes down to messaging,
doesn't it?
>> Yeah.
And brand and product placement and
product design and yeah.
Oftentimes I will say oftentimes
as a content strategist,
we kind of get handed brand strategy.
That content strategy does
not inform brand strategy.
It's the other way around.
And so in this instance,
if brand strategy were,
we help further people's careers
with online and in person education,
for example, then yeah, one of our
primary audiences would be well,
probably we'd have people in transition or
anyway.
Yeah.
So this book, Just Enough Research,
is worth its weight in gold because
it is realistic about user research on,
I got this wrong, play, teach learn.
That doesn't-
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Play, teach, deliver,
I did play, teach, learn.
It's realistic about user research
that real people can conduct and
not like when a lot of times when people
hear research, they're like, ooh,
big fancy research firm, that there's
going to cost us a million dollars and
that's not the case at all.
She provides some really very
specific useful tools for research.
So, this is worth picking up and
reading and familiarizing yourself with,
because every single one of us needs to
be able to empathize with an end user,
at the end of the day, so.